# TARS Foundation Member Meeting

### Date & Time: 
July 1st. 8:00-9:00AM PST / July 1st. 23:00-24:00 UTC+8 (China Time)
### Meeting cadence: 
Quarterly
### Zoom Link: 
https://zoom.us/j/97988212399 

### Attendees
Kevin Ryan - Arm (Board Member), 
Mark Shan - Tencent (Board Chair),
Bart Dong - Tencent,
Jim Xu - Zenlayer,
Kristian Györkös - Kong,  
Ming Wen - API7,
Teddy Chan - AfterShip, 
Tina Tsou - Arm,
Xiaojun Hong (James) - AfterShip, 
Yuansheng Wang --API7

## Agenda
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IKhAGMvvFNOdeQAY5RFXFveCwzS9-b-nZ9saJpgcjMg/edit
### Main items:
- The pandemic delayed the official announcement of TARS Foundation's launch. 
- The first board meeting reached a consensus that more staff were needed. 
- The TARS Foundation is in the process of recruiting and contracting more staff with the help from the LF
  - Paige will be the liaison and responsible for communicating with members. (paige@tarscloud.org) 
- TARS edX MOOC is in planning
- We are talking with potential new members
- For project, event, community updates, see agenda for details
- The Guide for Contributing was published (still improving)
- TARS won the honor of the first batch of Trusted Open Source Programs held by CAICT on 9th June 2020. Only 4 projects won the honor. 

## Open Discussion
- Jim from Zenlayer will provide support for Open Lab and share in the next member meeting. 

- Questions were raised regarding the Foundation charters, PTL, guidances and other documentations. 
     * At the moment, these documents are still under progress. Once we have them finalized, we will update the members. 

- Members also asked about the overall structure of TARS Foundation and how to collaborate and contribute to the foundation. 
     * As we are updating documentations such as the foundation charter, the technical charter, etc., we will be able provide more concrete guidance once those items are finalized. 
